alright people saying about while a weed
you know about the black box you can't
jump into it from the thingy and when
you're outside the class like can't do
it from the inside and I'll just show
you so you go on adventure I've gone by
fire just go on anybody right love your
fire right so so hang on a sec
I hope you can see that all right so you
go in the car see what so you go in this
door there right now
if you closely don't be one at the top
there so yes that that's the 2d black
box yeah we get one up right now there's
another one but thank you - um it's a
it's a like one of the possible secret
stars see I never forget all the Red
Coins I did it before what I just don't
want to do it right now you could think
I'll have to do it by yourself
thanks for watching and by the way it's
called the secret Chrome so it's not
nothing to do it while Luigi okay bye